README.md, before:

# Data-Analyst-Portfolio
This repository is dedicated to showcasing my analytical skills and sharing various projects that I have worked on. 

About
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Hello, I'm Navya, a data analyst with over 5 years experience  bridging the gap between technical teams and business stakeholders. Proven track record in requirement gathering, process modeling, and developing KPI dashboards to drive operational efficiency. Expert in 
transforming complex data into actionable insights while ensuring strict data integrity. I do have more than 3 years of experience dealing with data related to higher educational sector and 2 years of experience related to managing data in automotive sector.

I'm responsible for creating reports that are requested by various departments in the university. To build these, I usually use Excel, PowerBI and Infomaker tools in my day-to-day worklife.
Below are few projects that I have worked during my free time and certificates I earned. Please feel free to look around.

Projects
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------














Education
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

. Bachelors in Information Technology - India (graduated on September 2020)
. Masters of Science in Data Science - University of Michigan (graduated on April 2023)

Certificates
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

. Machine Learning Professional Certificate (May, 2020)
. Google Cloud Infrastructure Professional Certificate (Feb, 2023)
. Jenzabar One Residence Life administration Certificate (Jan, 2026)

Social Media Contact
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

. www.linkedin.com/in/navya-sree-kilari-18a822190

Commit message:

Update README with project details and links
Added project descriptions and links for analysis on trending videos and PowerBI visualizations.

README.md, after:

# Data-Analyst-Portfolio
This repository is dedicated to showcasing my analytical skills and sharing various projects that I have worked on. 

About
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Hello, I'm Navya, a data analyst with over 5 years experience  bridging the gap between technical teams and business stakeholders. Proven track record in requirement gathering, process modeling, and developing KPI dashboards to drive operational efficiency. Expert in 
transforming complex data into actionable insights while ensuring strict data integrity. I do have more than 3 years of experience dealing with data related to higher educational sector and 2 years of experience related to managing data in automotive sector.

I'm responsible for creating reports that are requested by various departments in the university. To build these, I usually use Excel, PowerBI and Infomaker tools in my day-to-day worklife.
Below are few projects that I have worked during my free time and certificates I earned. Please feel free to look around.

Projects
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

. Analysis on Trending Videos 
https://github.com/navyasreekilari/Analysis-on-trending-video-Data-Mining-
This project is deep analysis on trending youtube videos.
Methods Used: Clustering, K-means and TF-DIF data mining technologies.

. Data Visualization for Chocolate Factory using PowerBI 
https://github.com/navyasreekilari/PowerBI
This project is building visualizations to show several trends in chocolate factory.


Education
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

. Bachelors in Information Technology - India (graduated on September 2020)
. Masters of Science in Data Science - University of Michigan (graduated on April 2023)

Certificates
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

. Machine Learning Professional Certificate (May, 2020)
. Google Cloud Infrastructure Professional Certificate (Feb, 2023)
. Jenzabar One Residence Life administration Certificate (Jan, 2026)

Social Media Contact
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

. www.linkedin.com/in/navya-sree-kilari-18a822190
